add resources and production docs (#126)
mesosphere/kudo-cassandra-operator: docs/resources.md

default      ├─ControllerRevision/cassandra-instance-node-659c89769d        -              2m24s
default      ├─Pod/cassandra-instance-node-0                                True           2m14s
default      ├─Pod/cassandra-instance-node-1                                True           94s
default      └─Pod/cassandra-instance-node-2                                True           53s
```

### Statefulset

Statefulsets are designed to manage stateful workload in Kubernetes. KUDO
Cassandra uses statefulsets. The operator by default uses `OrderedReady`pod
management policy. Which guarantees that pods are created sequentially. This
makes sure that when the Cassandra cluster is coming up, only one node starts at
the same time. Pod names are <instance-name>-node-<ordinal-index> starting from
ordinal-index 0. For example a 3 node cluster created using KUDO Cassandra
instance name cass-prod will have these pods:

```
$ kubectl get pods
NAME               READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
cass-prod-node-0   1/1     Running   0          101s
cass-prod-node-1   1/1     Running   0          49s
cass-prod-node-2   1/1     Running   0          8s
```

> 

Reviewer: Note: When a multi-datacenter configuration with NODE_TOPOLOGY is used, the pod names include the datacenter name as well. See (link to Multi-DC-Setup documentation).

Author: added!

### Configmaps

KUDO Cassandra generates the configurable scripts and properties used in KUDO

> Cassandra operator as configmaps objects PodDisruptionBudget KUDO Cassandra

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cassandra operator as configmap objects. 

### PodDisruptionBudget 
KUDO Cassandra
```

# Resources

## Computable Resources

KUDO Cassandra by default requests 1.5 cpu and 4.5Gi of memory for each

> Cassandra node. The limits by default are 2 cpu and 4.5Gi of memory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cassandra node. The default limits are 2 cpu and 4.5Gi of memory.
```

> Those requests and limits can be tuned using the parameters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Those requests and limits can be tuned using the following parameters:
```

- NODE_CPU_MC
- NODE_CPU_LIMIT_MC
- NODE_MEM_MIB
- NODE_MEM_LIMIT_MIB
- PROMETHEUS_EXPORTER_CPU_MC
- PROMETHEUS_EXPORTER_CPU_LIMIT_MC
- PROMETHEUS_EXPORTER_MEM_MIB
- PROMETHEUS_EXPORTER_MEM_LIMIT_MIB
- RECOVERY_CONTROLLER_CPU_MC
- RECOVERY_CONTROLLER_CPU_LIMIT_MC
- RECOVERY_CONTROLLER_MEM_MIB
- RECOVERY_CONTROLLER_MEM_LIMIT_MIB

## Storage resources

> By default KUDO Cassandra uses 20GiB PV. This isn't recommended for production

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, KUDO Cassandra uses 20GiB PV. This isn't recommended for production
```

use. Please refer to [production](./production.md) docs to see the storage and

> compute resources recommendations

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
compute resources recommendations.
```

## Resources per container

#### Cassandra container

```
resources:
  limits:
    cpu: 1
    memory: 4Gi
  requests:
    cpu: 1
    memory: 4Gi
```

#### Bootstrap init container

```
resources:
  limits:
    cpu: 200m
    memory: 256Mi
  requests:
    cpu: 100m
    memory: 128Mi
```

#### prometheus exporter sidecar

```
resources:
  limits:
    cpu: 1
    memory: 512Mi
  requests:
    cpu: 500m
    memory: 512Mi
```

#### cassandra-recovery controller pod

```
resources:
  limits:
    cpu: 200m
    memory: 256Mi
  requests:
    cpu: 50m
    memory: 50Mi
```

## Kubernetes Objects

> KUDO Cassandra is delivered with a different set of features, enabling or

Reviewer 2: `different` from what? Are you trying to say that it's delivered with a _specific_ set of features, which can be disabled if needed?

Author: right, but by default, those are disabled, and enabling those would create more kubernetes objects than default installation. Let me try to reword that

disabling those features creates more or fewer objects in Kubernetes.

> Let’s take a look at the resources created by default when doing a simple

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Let’s take a look at the resources created by default when doing a simple install:
```

default    ├─RoleBinding/cassandra-instance-node-default-binding            -              6m10s
default    ├─Secret/cassandra-instance-tls-store-credentials                -              6m9s
default    ├─Service/cassandra-instance-svc                                 -              6m9s
default    ├─ServiceAccount/cassandra-instance-sa                           -              6m9s
default    ├─ServiceMonitor/cassandra-instance-monitor                      -              6m9s
default    └─StatefulSet/cassandra-instance-node                            -              6m9s
default      ├─ControllerRevision/cassandra-instance-node-659c89769d        -              2m24s
default      ├─Pod/cassandra-instance-node-0                                True           2m14s
default      ├─Pod/cassandra-instance-node-1                                True           94s
default      └─Pod/cassandra-instance-node-2                                True           53s
```

### Statefulset

Statefulsets are designed to manage stateful workload in Kubernetes. KUDO
Cassandra uses statefulsets. The operator by default uses `OrderedReady`pod

> management policy. Which guarantees that pods are created sequentially. This

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
management policy. This guarantees that pods are created sequentially, which means
```

> makes sure that when the Cassandra cluster is coming up, only one node starts at

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
that when the Cassandra cluster is coming up, only one node starts at
```

> the same time. Pod names are <instance-name>-node-<ordinal-index> starting from

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a time. Pod names are <instance-name>-node-<ordinal-index> starting from
```

ordinal-index 0. For example a 3 node cluster created using KUDO Cassandra
instance name cass-prod will have these pods:

```
$ kubectl get pods
NAME               READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
cass-prod-node-0   1/1     Running   0          101s
cass-prod-node-1   1/1     Running   0          49s
cass-prod-node-2   1/1     Running   0          8s
```

When a multi-datacenter configuration with `NODE_TOPOLOGY` is used, the pod
names include the datacenter name as well. See
[multi-datacenter](./multidatacenter.md) documentation.

### Configmaps

KUDO Cassandra generates the configurable scripts and properties used in KUDO
Cassandra operator as configmap objects.

### PodDisruptionBudget

> KUDO Cassandra limits the number of pods that are down simultaneously. For

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
KUDO Cassandra limits the number of pods that may be down simultaneously. For
```

> Cassandra’s service to work without interruptions, especially when the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cassandra’s service to work without interruptions, especially when
```

> quorum-based applications are running on top of Cassandra we would like to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
quorum-based applications are running on top of Cassandra, we need to
```

guarantee that the number of replicas running is never brought below the number
required for a quorum, even temporarily. Unlike a regular pod deletion, for the

> KUDO Cassandra pod eviction the API server may reject operation if the eviction

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
KUDO Cassandra pod eviction, the API server may reject the operation if the eviction
```

> would cause a disruption budget to be disrupted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
would cause the disruption budget to be exceeded.
```

### ServiceAccount / Role / RoleBinding

KUDO Cassandra creates one service account which is attached with two types of
roles. The service account is <instance-name>-sa and then the Roles are:

```
<instance-name>-node-role
<instance-name>-role
```

> The node role is used by KUDO Cassandra recovery feature to use kubernetes API

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The node role is used by KUDO Cassandra's recovery feature which uses the Kubernetes API
```

> to detect any deleted kubelets. And also to free the KUDO Cassandra PVC Claim

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to detect any deleted kubelets. It is also used to free up the KUDO Cassandra PVC Claim
```

Ref if that is necessary. The generic role, `<instance-name>-role` is used by
the Cassandra node bootstrap binary to update the topology-lock configmap so it
has access to the configmaps

### Secrets

KUDO Cassandra creates the TLS store credentials as a secret
<instance-name>-tls-store-credentials. Those credentials are used as

> keystore/truststore credentials, when adding certificates to them. Which is done

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
keystore/truststore credentials, when adding certificates to them. This is done
```

> when SSL feature is enabled for KUDO Cassandra.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
when KUDO Cassandra's SSL feature is enabled.
```

### Service

KUDO Cassandra creates a headless service <instance-name>-svc (ClusterIP type).

> This service is used for internal access from inside the kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This service is used for internal access from inside the Kubernetes cluster.
```

```
$ kubectl get svc
NAME                     TYPE        CLUSTER-IP   EXTERNAL-IP   PORT(S)                               AGE
cassandra-instance-svc   ClusterIP   10.0.51.69   <none>        7000/TCP,7001/TCP,9042/TCP,7200/TCP   26m
```

> The service exposes the storage port on 7000 by default and if SSL is enabled

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The service exposes the storage port on 7000 by default and on 7001 if SSL is enabled.
```

> then on 7001. The native transport port on 9042 by default and metrics are

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The native transport defaults to port 9042, and metrics are
```

> exposed on the port 7200 by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
exposed via port 7200 by default.
```

> `RPC` port is disabled by default and can be enabled using the parameter

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `RPC` port is disabled by default and can be enabled using the parameter
```

> START_RPC=true, which will expose the RPC port on 9160 by default. All above

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`START_RPC=true`, which will expose the RPC port on 9160 by default. All above
```

> ports can be exposed on custom ports using the parameters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
information can be exposed via custom ports using the parameters:
```

```
STORAGE_PORT
SSL_STORAGE_PORT
NATIVE_TRANSPORT_PORT
RPC_PORT
```

### ServiceMonitor

KUDO Cassandra integrates with prometheus-operator by default. The

> ServiceMonitor uses the label kudo.dev/servicemonitor and kudo.dev/instance

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ServiceMonitor uses the labels kudo.dev/servicemonitor and kudo.dev/instance
```

> labels to discover the Cassandra pods.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
to discover the Cassandra pods.
```

> To disable the monitoring user can start the KUDO Cassandra with parameter

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To disable monitoring, users can start KUDO Cassandra with the parameter
```

`PROMETHEUS_EXPORTER_ENABLED=false`. Read more information about monitoring in

> the Monitoring section

Reviewer 2: Can we add a link here?
